README.md, before:

# Work Day Scheduler

## Project Description
This work day scheduler is a simple calendar app that will let you save events for each hour of the day.

## Application URL:
https://missystiner.github.io/work-day-scheduler/

## GitHub URL:
https://github.com/MissyStiner/work-day-scheduler

## Mock-Up
![https://github.com/MissyStiner/work-day-scheduler/blob/main/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif?raw=true]

## User Story
AS AN employee with a busy schedule<br>
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner<br>
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively

## Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule<br>
WHEN I open the planner<br>
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar<br>
WHEN I scroll down<br>
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours<br>
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day<br>
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future<br>
WHEN I click into a time block<br>
THEN I can enter an event<br>
WHEN I click the save button for that time block<br>
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage<br>
WHEN I refresh the page<br>
THEN the saved events persist

## Contribution
Contains Coding Boot Camp starter code. <br>
https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/super-disco

## Future Issue Resolution Plans
Color code the time blocks to indicate past, present, or future.

Commit message:

date/time added and readme credit added

README.md, after:

# Work Day Scheduler

## Project Description
This work day scheduler is a simple calendar app that will let you save events for each hour of the day.

## Application URL:
https://missystiner.github.io/work-day-scheduler/

## GitHub URL:
https://github.com/MissyStiner/work-day-scheduler

## Mock-Up
![https://github.com/MissyStiner/work-day-scheduler/blob/main/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif?raw=true]

## User Story
AS AN employee with a busy schedule<br>
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner<br>
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively

## Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule<br>
WHEN I open the planner<br>
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar<br>
WHEN I scroll down<br>
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours<br>
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day<br>
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future<br>
WHEN I click into a time block<br>
THEN I can enter an event<br>
WHEN I click the save button for that time block<br>
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage<br>
WHEN I refresh the page<br>
THEN the saved events persist

## Contribution
Contains Coding Boot Camp starter code from https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/super-disco. Temporary date/time code used from HowToCodeSchool; will be removed when Moment.js issue closed.

## Future Issue Resolution Plans
Color code the time blocks to indicate past, present, or future.
